this is MBD TV today at Jacaranda FM we
switched the Jacaranda CC for the mother
city on says he saw in bourbon ville and
cops at and we are making a lacquer
moment come true right here today meet a
Muscovy Thank You Tula Nate her
daughter-in-law who sent as an email to
good morning angels
and telling us all about oma school
peace love for the Proteas and
especially for Graeme Smith but she also
mentioned in the email her struggle that
she's currently fighting with cancer and
the doctors only gave her a year to two
years to so be with her lobe ship family
here with them so that is why we are
here today in Durban Ville we are
surprising oh my skull be today and she
does not know anything she is actually
meeting Graeme Smith here today we are
right outside I'm a skull piece I'll say
Sonny Bono cont Soviets fundex nice
we're on Saturday and water for us
Graham standing by with some flowers in
hand Graham thank you so much for taking
time out of your day to do this no
absolute pleasure thank you for giving
me the opportunity you know just
wonderful to have the opportunity meet
someone that appreciates me wonderful
while you eight year we're going to go
introduce ourselves and we will cue you
to come and surprise I must go be
awesome should be good okay gone was hon
hello my school fee I guess yeah Nina
find Jack around oh honey
Obie's don't shoot me a look oh yes my
yellow
uneat you like to try NBD TV only on
Jacaranda FM essays best mix of the 80s
90s